Thank you for choosing to be part of our community. We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at rassel2121@gmail.com.

When you visit our mobile application, and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our privacy policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Apps and our services.

This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our mobile application, ("Apps"), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the "Sites"). 

Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us. 


TABLE OF CONTENTS  

1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?

2. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?        

3. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?  

4. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?

5. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?  

6. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?  

7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?

8. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS? 

9. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?

10. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?


1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?  

 
Information collected through our Apps 

In Short: We may collect information regarding your mobile device, when you use our apps.

If you use our Apps, we may also collect the following information:

Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s camera, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.     


2. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?  

In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.   

We only share and disclose your information in the following situations: 

Compliance with Laws. We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements). 

Vital Interests and Legal Rights. We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved. 

Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.   

With your Consent. We may disclose your personal information for any other purpose with your consent.    



3. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES? 

In Short: We are not responsible for the safety of any information that you share with third-party providers who advertise, but are not affiliated with, our websites.   

The Apps may contain advertisements from third parties that are not affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, online services or mobile applications. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this privacy policy. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Apps. You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions. 


4. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?  

In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.  

We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Apps, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Apps. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at __________.  


5. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?  

In Short: You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.    

If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm    


6. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?  

In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.   

California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below. 

If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Apps, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Apps. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Apps, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.


7. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?  

In Short: Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.  

We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information. 

